README.md, before:

# ICM-Code-2020
Syllabus for ITP Foundation Course Introduction to Computational Media: Code

## Syllabus Overview
* 1 -- [Introduction and Drawing](weeks/01_intro.md)
* 2 -- [Animation: Variables](weeks/02_animation.md)
* 3 -- [Interaction: Conditionals](weeks/03_interaction.md)
* 4 -- [Repetition: Loops](weeks/04_loops.md)
* 5 -- [Organization: Functions](weeks/05_functions.md)
* 6 -- [More Repetition: Objects and Arrays](weeks/06_objects.md)
* 7 -- [The DOM](weeks/07_dom.md) and Final Project Presentations

## Section Info
* [John-Henry](sections/01_JohnHenry.md) | [Homework]
* [Luisa](sections/02_Luisa.md) | [Homework]
* [Mimi Y.](sections/03_MimiY.md) | [Homework](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2020-Code/wiki/Homework-MimiY-03)
* [Allison](sections/04_Allison.md) | [Class outlines and homework assignments]
* [Mimi Y.](sections/05_MimiY.md) | [Homework](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2020-Code/wiki/Homework-MimiY-05)
* [Lisa](sections/06_Lisa.md) | [Homework]
* [Ellen](sections/07_Ellen.md) | [Homework]

## Questions and Discussion
- Find us on Discord under Help >> icm

## p5.js
- The primary platform for the class is [p5.js](http://www.p5js.org/), a JavaScript library for creative coding.  We will start coding with the [web editor for p5.js](https://alpha.editor.p5js.org/).

## Extra Help
- [Research Resident Office Hours](http://itp.nyu.edu/residents/contact-the-residents/)
- ICM Help Sessions: TBD
- [Coding Lab](https://itp.nyu.edu/help/in-person-help/coding-lab/) for drop-in help

## Inspiration
- [Help contribute to this wiki!](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2020-Code/wiki/Inspiration)

# Policies

## Evaluation

Grades will be determined according to the following breakdown:
* Regular Assignments 40%
* Participation and Attendance 40%
* Final Project 20%

Please see ITP's statement on [Pass/Fail](http://help.itp.nyu.edu/academic-policies/pass-fail) which states that a "Pass" is equivalent to an "A" or a "B" while anything less would be considered a "Fail".

We will have weekly assignments that are relevant to material from the previous class. These assignments are required and you should be prepared to show/talk about them in class. It is expected that everyone in the class will create and maintain a blog for their assignments.

Attendance is mandatory. Please inform your teacher via email if you are going to miss a class. Two unexcused absences is cause for failing the class. (An unexcused lateness of 10 minutes or more is equivalent to 1/2 an absence.)

This class will be participatory, you are expected to participate in discussions and give feedback to other students both in class and participate with their projects. This (along with attendance) is 40% of your grade.

Class will culminate with final projects. You are expected to push your abilities to produce something that utilizes what you have learned in the class that is useful in some manner to yourself or the world. This will comprise 20% of your grade.

## Statement of Academic Integrity

Plagiarism is presenting someone else’s work as though it were your own. More specifically, plagiarism is to present as your own: A sequence of words quoted without quotation marks from another writer or a paraphrased passage from another writer’s work or facts, ideas or images composed by someone else.

## Statement of Principle

The core of the educational experience at the Tisch School of the Arts is the creation of original academic and artistic work by students for the critical review of faculty members.  It is therefore of the utmost importance that students at all times provide their instructors with an accurate sense of their current abilities and knowledge in order to receive appropriate constructive criticism and advice.  Any attempt to evade that essential, transparent transaction between instructor and student through plagiarism or cheating is educationally self-defeating and a grave violation of Tisch School of the Arts community standards.  For all the details on plagiarism, please refer to page 10 of the Tisch School of the Arts, Policies and Procedures Handbook, which can be found online at: http://students.tisch.nyu.edu/page/home.html

## Statement on Accessibility

Please feel free to make suggestions to your instructor about ways in which this class could become more accessible to you.  Academic accommodations are available for students with documented disabilities. Please contact the Moses Center for Students with Disabilities at 212 998-4980 for further information.

## Statement on Counseling and Wellness

Your health and safety are a priority at NYU. If you experience any health or mental health issues during this course, we encourage you to utilize the support services of the 24/7 NYU Wellness Exchange 212-443-9999. Also, all students who may require an academic accommodation due to a qualified disability, physical or mental, please register with the Moses Center 212-998-4980. Please let your instructor know if you need help connecting to these resources.

## Statement on use of Electronic Devices

Laptops will be an essential part of the course and may be used in class during workshops and for taking notes in lecture. Laptops must be closed during class discussions and student presentations.  Phone use in class is strictly prohibited unless directly related to a presentation of your own work or if you are asked to do so as part of the curriculum.

Mantras By James
----------------
- "Practice is the best of all instructors." - computation requires practice
- "An agreeable companion on a journey is as good as a carriage." - look to your classmates for help too
- "While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity." - sometimes you need to take a leap of faith
- "When two do the same thing, it is not the same thing after all." - encourage students with similar ideas
- "The bow too tensely strung is easily broken." - don't get too stressed out
- All of these are from Plubius Syrus. (42 B.C.)

Previous Years
--------------
- [2019](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2019-Code/)
- [2018](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2018/)
- [2017](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2017/)
- [2016](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2016/)
- [2015](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2015/)
- [2014](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2014/)
- [2013](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2013/)
- [2012](http://itp.nyu.edu/varwiki/Syllabus/ICM-All-F12)
- [2011](http://itp.nyu.edu/varwiki/Syllabus/ICM-All-F11)
- [2010](http://itp.nyu.edu/varwiki/Syllabus/ICM-All-F10)
- [2009](http://itp.nyu.edu/varwiki/Syllabus/ICM-All-F09)
- [2008](http://itp.nyu.edu/varwiki/Syllabus/ICM-All-F08)
- [2007](http://itp.nyu.edu/varwiki/Syllabus/ICM-All-F07)

Commit message:

Adding language about how class meetings will proceed online.

README.md, after:

# ICM-Code-2020
Syllabus for ITP Foundation Course Introduction to Computational Media: Code

## Syllabus Overview
* 1 -- [Introduction and Drawing](weeks/01_intro.md)
* 2 -- [Animation: Variables](weeks/02_animation.md)
* 3 -- [Interaction: Conditionals](weeks/03_interaction.md)
* 4 -- [Repetition: Loops](weeks/04_loops.md)
* 5 -- [Organization: Functions](weeks/05_functions.md)
* 6 -- [More Repetition: Objects and Arrays](weeks/06_objects.md)
* 7 -- [The DOM](weeks/07_dom.md) and Final Project Presentations

## Section Info
* [John-Henry](sections/01_JohnHenry.md) | [Homework]
* [Luisa](sections/02_Luisa.md) | [Homework]
* [Mimi Y.](sections/03_MimiY.md) | [Homework](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2020-Code/wiki/Homework-MimiY-03)
* [Allison](sections/04_Allison.md) | [Class outlines and homework assignments]
* [Mimi Y.](sections/05_MimiY.md) | [Homework](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2020-Code/wiki/Homework-MimiY-05)
* [Lisa](sections/06_Lisa.md) | [Homework]
* [Ellen](sections/07_Ellen.md) | [Homework]

## Questions and Discussion
- Find us on Discord under Help >> icm

## p5.js
- The primary platform for the class is [p5.js](http://www.p5js.org/), a JavaScript library for creative coding.  We will start coding with the [web editor for p5.js](https://alpha.editor.p5js.org/).

## Extra Help
- [Research Resident Office Hours](http://itp.nyu.edu/residents/contact-the-residents/)
- ICM Help Sessions: TBD
- [Coding Lab](https://itp.nyu.edu/help/in-person-help/coding-lab/) for drop-in help

## Inspiration
- [Help contribute to this wiki!](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2020-Code/wiki/Inspiration)

# Policies

## Class Meetings Fall 2020

The class meetings for Fall 2020 will be held over teleconference, at the scheduled class times. Should conditions allow, instructors will make their own arrangements for outside-of-class-meeting activities on the ITP floor at 370 Jay St., such as office hours, project reviews, or whatever is deemed safe and appropriate.

Although a considerable amount of the class material is available online, you should attend the class meetings whenever possible. This class is a workshop and seminar, not a lecture class. It relies heavily on group discussion and participation in class time. If you cannot attend at the class time, please talk to your instructor or advisor in advance to figure out an alternative plan. We will do everything we can to accommodate students, but we need to know in advance in order to do so.

## Evaluation

Grades will be determined according to the following breakdown:
* Regular Assignments 40%
* Participation and Attendance 40%
* Final Project 20%

Please see ITP's statement on [Pass/Fail](http://help.itp.nyu.edu/academic-policies/pass-fail) which states that a "Pass" is equivalent to an "A" or a "B" while anything less would be considered a "Fail".

We will have weekly assignments that are relevant to material from the previous class. These assignments are required and you should be prepared to show/talk about them in class. It is expected that everyone in the class will create and maintain a blog for their assignments.

Attendance is mandatory. Please inform your teacher via email if you are going to miss a class. Two unexcused absences is cause for failing the class. (An unexcused lateness of 10 minutes or more is equivalent to 1/2 an absence.)

This class will be participatory, you are expected to participate in discussions and give feedback to other students both in class and participate with their projects. This (along with attendance) is 40% of your grade.

Class will culminate with final projects. You are expected to push your abilities to produce something that utilizes what you have learned in the class that is useful in some manner to yourself or the world. This will comprise 20% of your grade.

## Statement of Academic Integrity

Plagiarism is presenting someone else’s work as though it were your own. More specifically, plagiarism is to present as your own: A sequence of words quoted without quotation marks from another writer or a paraphrased passage from another writer’s work or facts, ideas or images composed by someone else.

## Statement of Principle

The core of the educational experience at the Tisch School of the Arts is the creation of original academic and artistic work by students for the critical review of faculty members.  It is therefore of the utmost importance that students at all times provide their instructors with an accurate sense of their current abilities and knowledge in order to receive appropriate constructive criticism and advice.  Any attempt to evade that essential, transparent transaction between instructor and student through plagiarism or cheating is educationally self-defeating and a grave violation of Tisch School of the Arts community standards.  For all the details on plagiarism, please refer to page 10 of the Tisch School of the Arts, Policies and Procedures Handbook, which can be found online at: http://students.tisch.nyu.edu/page/home.html

## Statement on Accessibility

Please feel free to make suggestions to your instructor about ways in which this class could become more accessible to you.  Academic accommodations are available for students with documented disabilities. Please contact the Moses Center for Students with Disabilities at 212 998-4980 for further information.

## Statement on Counseling and Wellness

Your health and safety are a priority at NYU. If you experience any health or mental health issues during this course, we encourage you to utilize the support services of the 24/7 NYU Wellness Exchange 212-443-9999. Also, all students who may require an academic accommodation due to a qualified disability, physical or mental, please register with the Moses Center 212-998-4980. Please let your instructor know if you need help connecting to these resources.

## Statement on use of Electronic Devices

Laptops will be an essential part of the course and may be used in class during workshops and for taking notes in lecture. Laptops must be closed during class discussions and student presentations.  Phone use in class is strictly prohibited unless directly related to a presentation of your own work or if you are asked to do so as part of the curriculum.

Mantras By James
----------------
- "Practice is the best of all instructors." - computation requires practice
- "An agreeable companion on a journey is as good as a carriage." - look to your classmates for help too
- "While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity." - sometimes you need to take a leap of faith
- "When two do the same thing, it is not the same thing after all." - encourage students with similar ideas
- "The bow too tensely strung is easily broken." - don't get too stressed out
- All of these are from Plubius Syrus. (42 B.C.)

Previous Years
--------------
- [2019](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2019-Code/)
- [2018](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2018/)
- [2017](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2017/)
- [2016](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2016/)
- [2015](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2015/)
- [2014](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2014/)
- [2013](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ICM-2013/)
- [2012](http://itp.nyu.edu/varwiki/Syllabus/ICM-All-F12)
- [2011](http://itp.nyu.edu/varwiki/Syllabus/ICM-All-F11)
- [2010](http://itp.nyu.edu/varwiki/Syllabus/ICM-All-F10)
- [2009](http://itp.nyu.edu/varwiki/Syllabus/ICM-All-F09)
- [2008](http://itp.nyu.edu/varwiki/Syllabus/ICM-All-F08)
- [2007](http://itp.nyu.edu/varwiki/Syllabus/ICM-All-F07)
